Well, good evening family. Thank you for joining us. I know it's late, but I thought we'll pray for a little bit.
I won't talk a lot. I'm going to do my best here. We're going to just jump right into this, okay?
And so, we're going to just pray. I told Diana I'm not going to jab her here. She's trying to get all the Bibles out.
There's so many of you getting born again and it's taken her a long time to get all these Bibles sent out to everybody. And so she said, "Brandon, I'm behind.
I got to get these Bibles out."So, I said, "Well, you pray with me just a little bit and then send the Bibles out to the people."So, we're so excited.
There's so many people getting born again on this channel. I'm not complaining, but it is extra, you know. So, God is so good.
A lot of behind-the-scenes work, and we're so grateful for every single one of you that are getting born again and coming on here.
Thank you for being patient with us as we try to get your Bibles to you as quickly as possible.
Well, we went over a lot of things that the Lord had for us yesterday.
I had a little bit of what the Lord was showing me yesterday and I talked to you all about it, about being intimate with the Father and growing in intimacy.
It's so important. As Diana and I were driving around today doing our tasks, our conversations were deep.
I reflect because I draw so much from her as my friend and just talking about where we are with the Lord.
And I want to tell you this, when I talk about the thermostat and what we're believing for and how you evaluate your year, I'm not talking about just a normal occurrence.
We check ourselves every day with the Father. But there's something about when we started doing YouTube and when the Lord said, "You work for me now.
You no longer work for yourself. You work for me now. You answer to me now concerning these things."He came to us like a boss.
And it was not a normal conversation the day he showed up like that.
Ever since then, he talks about finances; he talks about a lot of things.
But every year since we've been doing this, he evaluates how we've done ministry for him and the level of what the world would call success or achievement—no, not the achievement.
Come on, Brandon. The level of your productivity. How productive have you been for the Father?
And that's why when he comes in that timeframe, it's usually at the end of the year and says, "Well, I want to give you your report card."And that's why I was going over something that was very private with me yesterday.
And people said, "Well, Brandon, don't you evaluate yourself all throughout the year every day?"Yes.
Let the elevator go to the top, Sister Clipboard. Yes, of course I evaluate myself every day.
I'm talking about something very intimate where the Father comes and visits; it's not the average visitation.
So if you've never experienced that, probably you haven't.
Most haven't. So I'm not trying to be arrogant about it. I'm just being real and transparent.
People can see ministry. The Lord is a commander-in-chief.
It is amazing. He is the boss, the CEO of your ministry. He's the Great I Am.
And it's not like answering to yourself while doing your eBay and Poshmark or being a Walmart manager.
This is big business to him. Not business—that's a bad word—big ministry.
It is business to the Lord. I mean, you're working for him. It's not a job.
It's like Paisley said, "You have the greatest job ever, Daddy.
You get to pray and talk to Jesus."And I said, "Yeah, that's a cool way to look at it."I don't look at it as a job, but like what she was saying, "Daddy, you do the coolest thing ever.
You get to talk to Jesus for the people and tell them what he says."I never looked at it through a child's eyes, but I stopped and I looked at it and I was like, "You know what?
You're right."You get to hear things and you get to pray with the people.
And as Jesus tells us what's coming, I'm so grateful that he visits.
Looking through a child's lens, where you pray with the people, it's just interesting, isn't it? She has a different spin on things as a kid.
As she's in there praying and doing her thing and taking her notes and comes out, I just love a child's faith and the heart of a child.
But let's go over... I'm getting hot. I was trying to look nice by wearing a jacket, but I get hot because I'm hot in nature.
I can run the air conditioner in the winter, but I think it's because I have so much extra stuff.
Not for long. I'm like a polar bear. It's warm. My body heats up in there like a furnace always hot.
Oh, sorry. Did I knock it off? Her phone. Okay, got it. So, we're going to go over what we saw yesterday and what the Lord revealed to us.
I'm going to tell you details because last night I was already getting tired, so I didn't.
But I'll go over it real quick. Five minutes into this. Where does that time go?
The island that I saw was by Cuba. This island had a volcano on it, but it was dormant.
It was a volcano that people were not expecting to go off. It was an island volcano that people had forgotten about.
And as this volcano erupted, it was so violent and so unexpected that the people on the island couldn't flee.
They were being shoved into the sea. And I saw lava that was red coming down the mountain.
It was burning up the trees and everything. And as it was coming into the water, it was steaming.
I saw steam like vapor from this volcanic eruption that looked like something out of a fog, but it was on all sides.
I remember the north side of the island was the worst in the vision, and it was toward the United States.
And as this was coming in there, the lava was thick, like tall lava.
It was not just a little bit of lava; it was a lot. And it was a mass...
like would it be Pompeii? Yeah, like that. Remember back in the day, a thousand years ago, whatever? It was like a huge eruption.
As I could see that, that was one of the parts of the things I could see, and I thought that was a very interesting thing.
Now people are trying to guess the island. It looked small to me because I saw the side of it.
Brandon, I haven't had time to look through it today because there's so many other things that are pressing concerning spiritual matters other than this.
The other part was Guatemala, and I saw some kind of event where the people were like bush people.
The way I can only describe this, they were living off the land.
I saw them drinking water from a makeshift cistern made out of wood that they had carved out that was catching the rainwater off the trees.
They were drinking this water. But I saw a green snake. And I don't know what this green snake represents, but it was a dangerous snake.
But I saw people that were buried in the middle of a trail, a path that was worn down from people walking on it in the jungle.
But this cross that they had made out of—I don't want to mix these up.
Was this on the island, son? I think so. Yeah. Okay. I got to reverse that. Sorry.
The cross that I saw was made on the island, but there was something wrong because I could see banana leaves that were trying to outline this cross that was tied together with some kind of string, jungle vines, and I saw the lump of dirt where I thought maybe it might have been a pet that was buried, you know, because you don't want to always add to or take away from anything in the vision because I thought, 'Is this a human grave or is this person grieving over like a dog that died or maybe a horse?'I don't know; it was a big grave.
But she had her Bible out that looked like an old King James tattered Bible that was very precious to her, but it had Holy Bible on the front like an old King James like 1900s, you know, early—like old, but it was tattered.
You know how the leather will split and be worn on the corners?
Yeah. Kind of like ours where it's all falling apart. But hers was torn on the sides, too.
And so this Bible had 'Holy Bible'on the front that was gold, like old-looking letters that were printed on the front of it.
But it was a black Bible and the edges were all worn out. And they were sitting on some kind of rock holding this Bible, but it wasn't open.
It was shut and they were looking at the mound of dirt, and I thought, 'What am I praying into?'But then I was hearing about the plague and I started seeing about the plague.
This is about the plague. It was something else about the plague spreading throughout the islands and things.
And then I saw Guatemala and that's whenever I saw again there was something really wrong. I felt something bad, something was happening.
And then I saw David Hogan's face which I thought that was interesting because it's been years since I thought about David Hogan.
I went to one of his meetings once and he's a missionary down in that area from what I understand and I saw Mozambique, Heidi, and I saw these ministers that were ministering to people that were like bush people that don't live in the city.
They live off the land there. This was very like barefoot, no shoes.
And so as I was praying into that, I felt danger. There was something very serious concerning this.
And then Braden, what else did the Lord show? You saw Heidi and then you saw...
I saw that. And then you saw the hazard. Oh, I saw the spinning from the CIA.
That was a hypnotic wheel. The hypnotic wheel was spinning black and yellow.
And as it was spinning, the Lord said, 'I'm taking you back to the hypnotic wheel.
Look at this.'And it was spinning over America. Spinning over America.
As I was looking at Cuba and I saw the symbol again for a nuclear, biological, whatever it is, it was a black and yellow hazard on a black 50-gallon drum-looking thing. And I thought that was interesting.
Now, I don't know what all that means, you all, but all day long before we even heard that President Trump was going to make an announcement in this big speech that he was going to do tonight concerning the economy or whatever he was going to talk about—as we found out it was about the economy.
But I have such a caution, and as we have prayed over Venezuela, praying over Maduro—yeah, Maduro—and what the Venezuelan government's going to do.
As I've told you, I saw the oil rigs, the oil derricks all on fire because I remember I saw the United States government taking over part of Venezuela and creating a base and bringing in a proxy government in the future.
And I told you they will remove this government and they will bring in a proxy—like they did with Iraq.
And I said, 'It will be a modern-day Iraq again, like the Persian Gulf.'And I said, 'He will be like a Gaddafi.'And these days ahead, I saw him being removed before any of this escalation is on TV.
And everybody else that watches me regularly can validate that. So, here we are.
We're seeing that vision, I believe, getting ready to pan out as everybody's calling for war and saying they're going to have a major war in Venezuela and that Congress is going to vote it through.
I pray we don't. I think that'd be terrible to have another war.
But as I saw this happening, I saw liberation coming for the Venezuelan people.
And I saw revival on the heels of the overthrowing of this dictator, of this regime or whatever you want to call it through the drug lords and a cleaning of a slate.
And so, you know, I'm not saying we did a really great job or our troops did the best they could with what they were given for Iraq.
Iraq's still not liberated as far as the way the people are. They still have a crooked government with Maliki.
Maliki was the head of the Iraq government. He was just as bad as Saddam was.
So, you know, all I know is I see these things. I see in part, I hear in part, and I bring it to you all in prayer.
So, no, I'm talking about before his name was Maliki, I believe. I don't know who that guy is.
I don't follow it anymore, but back whenever we got rid of Saddam, I think the guy's name was Maliki.
But you know there's a lot going on and I say that every time and we talked about what's happening with Canada and Bill C-16—to silence freedom of speech, speaking out against it as a hate crime.
So we pray for Canada and the other part was praying for Australia.
We see all that going on there. Like I said, the intensity of it.
Explain what you felt as we were going and we were getting gas and I said it feels like whenever you see the gaze.
I loved your illustration of it; that's the way it felt in the spirit realm.
And I know 1 Corinthians 5:5 has been the major word that the Lord is speaking to me about 2026, but it was interesting how you even said it because I said, 'Do you feel that?'and you said, 'Yes,'and this is what she—I'm throwing you on the spot.
No, I don't know how I said it perfectly. You said it's like being in a lineup and your dad is getting ready to spank you and you think, 'Man, it has nothing to do with me.
I'm okay.'But your sibling has—and the gaze of the punishment's coming, but it's toward your sibling and not you.
But you can know just the gaze of it. Yeah. And you still go like this, like, 'I didn't do anything wrong,'but you can still feel it in the atmosphere.
You still remember what spankings feel like. And so you just get real still.
And that's what it felt like in the atmosphere for a big percentage. And it's like you can feel the gaze.
And as you're being evaluated, as I've told you, as you're looking through this year—and He visited us last Friday and going over things and having that gaze and then talking about the cliff of the rock and the fear of God.
And I don't know what this green snake represents, but it was a dangerous snake.
But I saw people that were buried in the middle of a trail, a path that was worn down from people walking on it in the jungle.
But this cross that they had made out of—I don't want to mix these up.
Was this on the island, son? I think so. Yeah. Okay. I got to reverse that. Sorry.
The cross that I saw was made on the island, but there was something wrong because I could see banana leaves that were trying to outline this cross that was tied together with some kind of string, jungle vines, and I saw the lump of dirt where I thought maybe it might have been a pet that was buried, you know, because you don't want to always add to or take away from anything in the vision because I thought, 'Is this a human grave or is this person grieving over like a dog that died or maybe a horse?'I don't know; it was a big grave.
But she had her Bible out that looked like an old King James tattered Bible that was very precious to her, but it had Holy Bible on the front like an old King James like 1900s, you know, early—like old, but it was tattered.
You know how the leather will split and be worn on the corners?
Yeah. Kind of like ours where it's all falling apart. But hers was torn on the sides, too.
And so this Bible had 'Holy Bible'on the front that was gold, like old-looking letters that were printed on the front of it.
But it was a black Bible and the edges were all worn out. And they were sitting on some kind of rock holding this Bible, but it wasn't open.
It was shut and they were looking at the mound of dirt, and I thought, 'What am I praying into?'But then I was hearing about the plague and I started seeing about the plague.
This is about the plague. It was something else about the plague spreading throughout the islands and things.
And then I saw Guatemala and that's whenever I saw again there was something really wrong. I felt something bad, something was happening.
And then I saw David Hogan's face which I thought that was interesting because it's been years since I thought about David Hogan.
I went to one of his meetings once and he's a missionary down in that area from what I understand and I saw Mozambique, Heidi, and I saw these ministers that were ministering to people that were like bush people that don't live in the city.
They live off the land there. This was very like barefoot, no shoes.
And so as I was praying into that, I felt danger. There was something very serious concerning this.
And then Braden, what else did the Lord show? You saw Heidi and then you saw...
I saw that. And then you saw the hazard. Oh, I saw the spinning from the CIA.
That was a hypnotic wheel. The hypnotic wheel was spinning black and yellow.
And as it was spinning, the Lord said, 'I'm taking you back to the hypnotic wheel.
Look at this.'And it was spinning over America. Spinning over America.
As I was looking at Cuba and I saw the symbol again for a nuclear, biological, whatever it is, it was a black and yellow hazard on a black 50-gallon drum-looking thing. And I thought that was interesting.
Now, I don't know what all that means, you all, but all day long before we even heard that President Trump was going to make an announcement in this big speech that he was going to do tonight concerning the economy or whatever he was going to talk about—as we found out it was about the economy.
But I have such a caution, and as we have prayed over Venezuela, praying over Maduro—yeah, Maduro—and what the Venezuelan government's going to do.
As I've told you, I saw the oil rigs, the oil derricks all on fire because I remember I saw the United States government taking over part of Venezuela and creating a base and bringing in a proxy government in the future.
And I told you they will remove this government and they will bring in a proxy—like they did with Iraq.
And I said, 'It will be a modern-day Iraq again, like the Persian Gulf.'And I said, 'He will be like a Gaddafi.'And these days ahead, I saw him being removed before any of this escalation is on TV.
And everybody else that watches me regularly can validate that. So, here we are.
We're seeing that vision, I believe, getting ready to pan out as everybody's calling for war and saying they're going to have a major war in Venezuela and that Congress is going to vote it through.
I pray we don't. I think that'd be terrible to have another war.
But as I saw this happening, I saw liberation coming for the Venezuelan people.
And I saw revival on the heels of the overthrowing of this dictator, of this regime or whatever you want to call it through the drug lords and a cleaning of a slate.
And so, you know, I'm not saying we did a really great job or our troops did the best they could with what they were given for Iraq.
Iraq's still not liberated as far as the way the people are. They still have a crooked government with Maliki.
Maliki was the head of the Iraq government. He was just as bad as Saddam was.
So, you know, all I know is I see these things. I see in part, I hear in part, and I bring it to you all in prayer.
So, no, I'm talking about before his name was Maliki, I believe. I don't know who that guy is.
I don't follow it anymore, but back whenever we got rid of Saddam, I think the guy's name was Maliki.
But you know there's a lot going on and I say that every time and we talked about what's happening with Canada and Bill C-16—to silence freedom of speech, speaking out against it as a hate crime.
So we pray for Canada and the other part was praying for Australia.
We see all that going on there. Like I said, the intensity of it.
Explain what you felt as we were going and we were getting gas and I said it feels like whenever you see the gaze.
I loved your illustration of it; that's the way it felt in the spirit realm.
And I know 1 Corinthians 5:5 has been the major word that the Lord is speaking to me about 2026, but it was interesting how you even said it because I said, 'Do you feel that?'and you said, 'Yes,'and this is what she—I'm throwing you on the spot.
No, I don't know how I said it perfectly. You said it's like being in a lineup and your dad is getting ready to spank you and you think, 'Man, it has nothing to do with me.
I'm okay.'But your sibling has—and the gaze of the punishment's coming, but it's toward your sibling and not you.
But you can know just the gaze of it. Yeah. And you still go like this, like, 'I didn't do anything wrong,'but you can still feel it in the atmosphere.
You still remember what spankings feel like. And so you just get real still.
And that's what it felt like in the atmosphere for a big percentage. And it's like you can feel the gaze.
And as you're being evaluated, as I've told you, as you're looking through this year—and He visited us last Friday and going over things and having that gaze and then talking about the cliff of the rock and the fear of God.
Either way, we're always believing for the instantaneous.
We're always believing for the full manifestation of what we've been believing for.
It seems to have been progressive, but we're grateful for the progressive.
When we went to these meetings, and we go to Billy Burke and go for healing and stand on the Word, we're seeing—it's like—I told her, "Baby, let's take a piece of the puzzle this year.
What are we believing God for, Megan, for this year?"We have a quarter of the pie. We have a little ways to go.
We're wanting half the pie, and when we get there, we're going to be able to say we get to eat the whole pie one day.
But I'm just saying, for me, I like pie. I talked about burgers and pies.
You can tell I'm hungry. I like dessert. But you know, glory be to God.
I just put that on there; you take the slice and write that vision down of what you're believing for every year.
And that's what we do. I told her, "You know what? Sometimes we don't hit that.
After we open it up, we're kind of disappointed; we look at it and it didn't fully manifest what we were looking for."I said, "But God, do it this year!"I'm not worried that it didn't happen like we thought it would.
Sometimes you may even have a little bit of a setback, but God is still good.
Regardless of how you feel—that maybe you're not as far along as you should be, and maybe you've even taken a couple of steps back—God is a restorer of what the enemy ate.
I believe that what the devil meant for bad, God will turn it around for good in your favor if you just don't let go.
We write those visions down and I told her, "Let's believe God."So we take communion over it, seal it, and put it away.
I said we won't touch it again until the last day of the year, and we'll see what God does.
One year we put a house on there. We put it down for 20 years. It kept going year after year after year, and then the Lord came through.
It wasn't when we expected. We wanted it every single time; we wanted it all the time, but we just kept recycling it.
We put it on for the next year and rolled it over every year. I wasn't like, "That didn't happen again."The desire didn't go away.
No, we believe God. Then God provided and got us another house.
But God is always able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think.
So, I'm trying to encourage you all again as we come to the end, before we open our envelope of what we believe God for in 2025.
What is 2025 in review for your spiritual walk? Are you walking where you wanted to walk?
Is your marriage where you wanted your marriage to be? Are your kids where you wanted them to be with the Lord?
I'm very specific about everything I write on that piece of paper for what we're believing God for in 2026 now, having it in there and meditating on it.
I'm believing God to give this amount of money away. I want to help with this amount of money as a ministry.
I don't want to just hoard it for myself for Brandon Biggs to have a lot; I want to be able to help the Kingdom of God and promote the Gospel throughout the whole world.
I believe with all my heart that as we preach to the nations as a witness unto Him, then the end will come.
I believe with all my heart that's what we should do, so that's what we believe for.
Let's stretch ourselves to believe to give more than we've ever given before and to reap more than we've ever reaped because it's all law.
Most people don't want to talk about that part. So, write your vision down, make it plain, and believe God for big things in 2026.
Believe God for your supernatural abundance in your marriage, your kids coming home, finances, a vacation, or a new car—whatever you're believing for.
But souls—how many people are you going to reach in 2026? I want to come across—well, on our channel and in public—how many I could reach.
You know, like five or six hundred people? If you put that on there, it's overkill, you know?
For some of you that's a lot, but just say, "Hey, I'm not going to leave 2026 without leading at least one person to Jesus."If every single one of us led one person to Jesus—let me ask you that.
Out of all the people on here right now, did you at least win one soul to Jesus this year?
Can you evaluate yourself and ask, "Did I at least pray for one person to come to Christ this year?"I can tell you a lot of you can't say that.
That's a hard thing to say. We should be able to say that as a believer.
Did you at least win one soul to Christ this year? Did you win five?
Did you at least win five souls witnessing? Did you pray for at least a couple of people to get healed?
They may not have gotten healed, but at least you put your faith out there to do it.
Did you challenge yourself to grow, to go outside of your box and witness to those around you?
Father, we just thank You for the body here. Are you taking communion with me?
Oh Lord, this year we challenge ourselves to bring thousands on this channel into the Kingdom of God.
As we write down our vision even this year, Father, I'm believing for 100,000 people to get born again—100,000 souls in Jesus'name.
Father, we believe that You are able and willing, and You want it even more than we do—for 100,000 people to give their hearts to Jesus Christ on this channel and all channels worldwide.
Do you believe that? Father, this is the year that we would have a record-breaking year of the harvest on this channel.
That might even be too small. 100,000? We might be believing too small.
Then we could stretch our net out; let's believe for a million.
We're believing for a million subscribers, a million prayer warriors, and a million-soul harvest on this channel.
To believe for exceedingly abundantly above all that You ask or think—that many people will flow through.
There will be something so accurate by the leading of the Holy Spirit that people will be drawn to it to say, "How did that happen?
How did that word come from God? What is going on over there?"But it's all about Jesus to draw the people in.
Stretch! Believe for big, Father, that we would reach a million people for the Kingdom of God in the name of Jesus.
We believe and receive, Father, in the name of Jesus, as we get ready to write our prayer petition down for this year for a supernatural breakthrough in every area of your life—for Megan, for your finances, for whatever you're believing for—that there's nothing too big for God to accomplish in this year.
2026 will be the best year you've ever had. 2026 will be exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
When you get to the beginning of 2027, you'll say, "Lord, everything I put on that list came to pass and more."I believe and receive all that You have for me, that this will be an abundant year, a bountiful overflow year.
I believe that for you: that your marriages are restored, your houses are in order, and you're healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
By Your stripes, Lord, we're all healed. We walk in abundance to the extreme, until it overflows with healing and wholeness and wellness, Father.
From any incurable disease, we're delivered. I thank You, Father, that You love us enough that You gave Your life for us to walk in abundance.
And that's for 2026, as we close out the 14 days left of 2025. Father, this is still not over.
We need to believe for the overflow for this year. I believe it, Father.
I believe it, Lord. Do you believe it? This year's not over. Don't give up on this one yet.
I hear it inside: why give up on this one? This is not over yet. God can turn it in a day.
Everything can turn in a 24-hour period like he's always talking about.
I'm believing, Father, for cryptos to go up like a rocket. "To the moon"is what they all say. To the moon, baby.
Like those YouTubers say, "To the moon."I'm like, "Yes, let's believe God to the moon."Let's believe for the crypto to shoot up like the moon.
Why not? Let's believe God. Braden's so funny; he's believing God for the moon.
It's a wonderful life. "Let me lasso it and pull it down for you. I'll give you the moon."Remember that guy?
"It's a Wonderful Life."Buffalo Bill, won't you come out tonight?
Won't you come out tonight and dance by the light of the moon?
I'll lasso the moon for you, George Bailey. I love that. Father, I thank you for good memories.
I thank you for memories in 2025 and 2026. Father, there's not a bad year.
You look back and review and go, "Look at what God has done."Some people have been through it this year, but God, we have tomorrow and we're believing for tomorrow. We're believing for the now.
God, there's a turnaround in people's lives so that when they look back at 2026, they're going to say, "This was the best year I've ever had."Thank you, Lord, that you have great things in store this year.
And we take this body, Father, and we're believing that there's supernatural healing.
There's supernatural deliverance over us in every area of our life in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood. I plead the blood and I apply the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, that you forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
We believe, Father, that everything we've done wrong is all under the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood and the cross. Thank you, Lord, for what you did for us. We're healed by your stripes. We're free.
Father, we're stretching out and believing that this Christmas season there will not be any drama with your extended family.
When you go around extended family, there's no drama. It's just peaceful.
Cousins aren't acting crazy, your uncle isn't acting crazy, or your aunt.
There's just a peaceful flow where everything is peaceful.
If you have drama in your families, that's what I pray: that we have peace that passes all understanding.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever. In him there is no darkness.
He is light, and we believe that God is light tonight in Jesus'name.
I'm seeing a vision. I'm already in the spirit. I plead the blood over my eyes, Father, right now.
Everything I'm seeing, I cover it. This is very serious. I see attacks in New York again. I see the Times Square ball going down.
I see planned demonic attacks upon New York Times Square at New Year's Eve, right where they drop that ball.
Listen to this and pull with me. Stop with the chat. This is very serious.
Miami is highlighted. There's a waterfront there, a strip with restaurants.
I see the beach on one side, a road, and restaurants on the other side.
I believe this is downtown Miami. I see New Orleans, Bourbon Street. I see Canal Street.
Canal Street is where Bourbon Street is in New Orleans for Mardi Gras.
It's the street where the Mardi Gras celebration is. It's by the dome, but it's on Bourbon Street.
I see it on the sign. I see the face of an attacker. You know where that statue of that man is?
There's a beautiful church there. I've been there with the beignets. There's a statue of a man on a horse.
It's an old Catholic church by the river walk, the Mississippi River.
They're wearing all black. These people are trying to blend in with the night.
They're trying to blend in with black hoodie zip-up jackets. This is an African-American man.
I hear "Sugar Bowl."The Rose Bowl parade is highlighted before me.
Part of what these people that got caught were revolving around this.
There's more than the four. I hear the underground chatter from coast to coast.
This includes Reno, Nevada, and the strip there. It's around the things they detest the most.
Do you remember when I told you over a year ago about Nevada, Tennessee, and an attack in New Orleans?
And on the strip in Nashville. This concerns the Salt Lake City area for the Mormons, the big temple in Utah.
You know what I'm talking about? It's the city. This is the major temple there.
Obviously, I'm seeing a major temple and I'm seeing this attack on this temple.
There are certain things that I see concerning certain landmarks that are represented in 2026.
This is concerning England. I see England. I see the Big Wheel, the Ferris wheel.
I see Big Ben. Now I'm on Rodeo Drive again, on the street with all the real nice shops.
You know what I'm talking about? It's the gun. It's not just a handgun.
I see this is an AR-15 looking style gun. It's a bump stock. It's firing rapid on an AK.
That's an AK. And it's on Rodeo, on the corner where it goes up and there's a Christmas tree.
It's on the corner there, by Louis Vuitton. The man has an overcoat, like a trench coat on.
He has a beard and a khaki trench coat. This man has a khaki trench coat and black pants.
He's actually facing towards the Christmas tree. So, he's standing on the corner with Louis Vuitton, facing toward the tree.
The Lord's telling me to focus. Their target is to take that jewelry store.
They want to get all that big jewelry store. I see a target there.
These visions are very, very clear. They're very detailed.
I'm back in New Orleans. I can see it again. The Lord's allowing me to go from place to place.
He said, 'When you least expect it. Not when you're expecting it.'You need to remember this.
'Surprise. The surprise to open your eyes.'They're looking for the implementation of it. They're watching for the right opportunity.
It's not necessarily during your holiday, but they're looking for the right opportunity.
This is concerning. I see the number 250 to bring instability, to inflict harm and bring instability.
They are targeting and looking at Warner Brothers and Six Flags. They're casing.
Casing means inspecting or scouting something closely often to understand it.
They're scouting it, studying it closely, usually with intent. The Lord said casing. Their intent is to hurt.
Rodeo, New Orleans, Miami, the sidewalk, New York Harbor, the Big Apple on New Year's Eve.
All these are major events to bring you to your knees: the Rose Bowl parade, the Sugar Bowl.
The alarm to do more harm. They are even casing mega-churches like Lakewood. This is concerning Ramadan.
The Lord said, 'Don't lose your focus.'It's about the Jewish communities and culture, and it's about the Christian culture and churches.
Now it's the Vatican. He said, 'I've warned you and told you.
The Catholic Church is a major target in Europe.'We're shifting to Europe now.
I see Macron and Hillary. It's behind the scenes. I see that individual still has power and influence.
On a scale of one to ten, it's like a two, but there is still power and influence concerning the Democrats and their dark ties.
They're like Jason Bourne-like men with black trench coats and black sunglasses.
You can't see their eyes. They have a crew cut, shaved on the side of the head.
I see a man with black hair and olive skin. He looks like he works out a lot.
He has a black turtleneck and a well-defined jawline. What is about to unravel in Europe...
I see a black swan swimming down a river in France. I see the Eiffel Tower in the distance.
This black swan is bringing forth the beast. I believe it with all my heart.
These people are about to plan something major. The tie goes to Israel, up north towards Damascus.
2026 will be a year like the body of Christ has never experienced before.
It's coming to a point. 2026 is coming to a head. Everything is coming to a head.
It's like when you shake a champagne bottle and the pressure is getting ready to pop.
It's come to a head. It's the point of no return, the peak of this, and everything is about to come.
It's like the pressure has built and there's nothing more to hold back.
It's going to go. The volcano's going. All these events are going to start happening like dominoes.
Do you get what I'm saying? It's the point of liftoff, but it's all coming.
And then I see 2027 highlighted, and I'm telling you, 2028—and I'm not able to see past this.
I see a wall there, but I see 2028, and 2028 is very turbulent.
It's right here. 2028, I can see it, and it goes, but I see 2027.
2026 is turbulent; a lot of change in a lot of areas, a lot of people's lives.
2026, 2027, 2028; it's a very different timeframe, y'all, like we've never seen before over these next three years.
But he's looking at it from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, and this timeframe is what we're talking about: acceleration.
He's not talking about our calendar. I'm telling you, y'all need to pray over Bourbon Street.
Keep that in your prayers. The people are not sober on New Year's Eve.
Praying over Bourbon Street, praying over Las Vegas. Parties in Las Vegas with what's going on.
I can see Las Vegas, praying over these areas: Las Vegas, Nashville, Miami, New York—praying over these major areas.
Those are the cities in England, London, praying over Rome this next week. Christmas Eve mass with the Pope.
But this is what's interesting to me: the Lord keeps bringing it up to expect the unexpected.
Don't just label it because you're thinking it's going to happen at that time. Expect the unexpected.
It's a timeframe where we expect the unexpected, like you think, 'Well, it's going to happen because of the 4th of July, 250 years.'Of course that's a highlight, but expect the unexpected.
America, don't be so dogmatic when you think this is when it's going to be.
Expect the unexpected, like days at the football games. That's not New Year's Eve.
The Sugar Bowl. When is the Sugar Bowl? When do they play the Sugar Bowl?
January 1st. Because the Lord brought up the Sugar Bowl, and so it's a timeframe.
People are not sober. It's lifting off of me. That's interesting.
It went right into it. Boom. Taking communion. All of a sudden, you can feel it.
I can feel it like it wanes, and the mega-churches with a lot of people gathered.
Wow. That's it right there. What is that? Jackson Square. Praying over Jackson Square.
Is that a party area? You think it's the river? It's where I saw Bienville right there.
You see that? Yes. It's a year to take very seriously. This is a year like no other year.
It's a pivotal year, 2026, concerning the elections and midterms.
Do you understand? This is a very serious year. Pivotal. It's the scale. Midterms are so important.
Voting and making sure we, the American people, show up to have a Red Wave.
Praying over this. It's a pivotal year, but there are many distractions.
Many distractions with political theater, black swan events, and attacks to distract from the economy and what's going to come with interest rates—all the things I've told you going into May.
And I saw interest rates, a targeted rate—not saying it will get there, but a targeted rate over 2%.
It's in the vision: a targeted rate of 2%. Remember when I saw the scale going up for housing?
I saw a new housing thing coming, and it would be transparent.
It's not stable. It was very transparent with the housing market in 2026.
There's a green arrow on the housing market. And remember I saw Trump signing something with the quill pen.
Well, praise the Lord. Do you have anything else, Holy Spirit?
He walks the pig. Is that the river, son? There's a river right next to it.
I saw a black swan going down that. Now, what does that mean? There was a black swan swimming down that river.
Hallelujah. Father, we are so grateful for all that you've shown us tonight.
We give you praise. We don't take our eyes off of you; we keep them on you.
And you give us pieces, and we're so grateful, Father, for all that you show us regarding what is to come.
We don't just rush through and say, 'Oh well, we got it. Bye-bye.'Father, we worship you. We pray over these things. We lift up our nation.
We lift up these areas of sin—open doors through sin on New Year's Eve, through this beautiful Christmas season.
We lift up New Orleans, Miami, New York, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and the Salt Lake City area.
I don't believe it's Salt Lake City, but wherever this Mormon temple is, there's something major.
And then the churches in Europe, Catholic churches—very hot spots. Praying over the Catholic people. Thank you, Lord.
Lord, we just take the time to give you praise for all that you show us today.
And I believe, Father, there's more to come as we pray. Do you feel that?
You can feel it. The danger. I feel the heaviness. I'm in it still, and it's very serious.
Be attentive. Be vigilant. If you're out and about, just be vigilant about your surroundings. Don't have your guard down. Watch your surroundings.
We prayed over the Christmas tree lightings, and there were only a couple of places that had issues, but nothing really major.
We prayed over the Rockefeller tree, and we continue to pray over that. We pray over these other areas. We pray over Washington.
We've had more terrorist activity in America than we've had in years, just in the last month.
People being arrested, people being shot. In Sydney, Australia, we've had terrorist activity and people got hurt.
There's all kinds of major things happening right now. It's a hot spot. What we are praying over is very significant.
We're having more activity in communities, even in Los Angeles, busting those people, than we've ever had before. I don't remember anything like this.
But what we're praying into is like pulling back an onion with layers, and we are exposing darkness by the hand of God.
Don't you see it? It's not normal. This is not a normal time. I've never seen these things where things are exposed.
When Maduro and all these things the Lord told us about cruise ships—and now we have the Trump administration sanctioning their oil tankers.
It's an escalation of war, potential to be an escalation of something major. It's a powder keg.
It's everything the Lord showed us about even setting the oil fields on fire.
It's all about the oil. I said it had nothing to do with drugs; it has to do with oil.
And it's coming out just like the Lord said to us. He said it's 10% drugs, 90% oil.
And it's happening just like we're seizing the oil tankers.
We're trying to block the economy. It's happening just like the Lord said. So here we'll see if he lights his derricks on fire.
If he lights all this up, say, 'Hey, you're not going to take our oil,'because if he does, it goes along with what the Lord is showing us.
Then we see eventually I saw Zelensky go home. He's going to be gone and they'll put in a proxy government if that happens. I saw it was a forked road. This one led to major war.
This one will lead to peace for a season of reprieve, a regrouping, and a splitting of the land and eventually taking the whole thing.
He wants back the old Soviet empire. He wants to become a superpower with Romania, Poland, and all these other nations.
It's a long drawn out plan. Most people think it's just for Trump's administration, but they're looking at a 50-year plan.
We want all of our old empire back. It is an escalation of the end times.
I saw Israel tonight. There's so much stuff here; it's all a huge puzzle.
And I'm bouncing around the globe and the Lord's showing me these things tonight.
I give all the glory to Jesus for it. It's amazing. But what's amazing is it doesn't ever go around Asia lately.
It's all Western culture. It's very interesting. Thank you, Father.
I thank you for writing down the notes for me. I appreciate it.
You're my friend. You write it all down. It's heavy. It pulls on you and makes you tired because it's so heavy.
It makes your flesh go 'Oh'whenever you're underneath that; it pulls and pulls because there's so much spiritual warfare when you're looking over there.
We see the news before it happens, all to the glory of God. And we believe there are things we can stop.
We have a lot of work to do this year. I hope you're in for it. I told D today that I really don't want to go into 2026 yet because I know it's a lot of work. Let's just camp here in 2025.
I know we have 15 days left, but let's just sit here and bask like we're on the beach because this year is going to be a lot easier than what I see coming in 2026.
2026 is going to be a dandy. I hope you all buckle up and are ready to pray because we've got a lot of work to do.
It's going to be a year like you've never experienced before.
You'll remember me saying this when we get to this time next year in 2026 going into 2027. And you're going to go, 'Oh, wow.
Brandon, you know, the Lord was right.'It's a lot of prayer this year, and we've got to buckle up and put our armor on.
Be ready. Be vigilant as brothers and sisters in Christ. We're not shying back; we're not afraid.
We're taking the land for Jesus, but we're watching and we're uncovering the enemy's plans.
Hold fast, church. So, we're going to hold fast. But if you're here for the first time, could you do me a favor?
Like, subscribe, and click the notification bell. We're believing God to get to 600,000.
We're almost there. We're fighting for it, but we're believing God for the other 400,000 people to come.
I'm believing God that we'll keep growing this prayer channel all to the glory of God. We're believing God for the people to come and pray with us.
And I believe that you are the foundation of this prayer channel with the best that God has.
We are going to pray and change things in 2026. Folks, we have a lot of work to do.
It's an honor that 5,650 of you show up and pray in the middle of the night like this because of how serious these times are.
And it's interesting because he hasn't shown me a lot about Africa.
He showed me that stuff last night about Africa, and then he shows me things about South America lately, and then Canada and Australia, but not a lot about Asia yet.
So I don't know; I just go where the river flows. Probably because there's no terrorist attacks in Asia.
It's not the culture of Asia, is it? They don't blow each other up. I guess they don't have weapons.
It's like we're always praying over Australia, Canada, America, and Europe for mass shootouts and crazy people blowing each other up.
What is wrong with these people? Maybe there are not a lot of Muslims in Asia.
I don't know, and I don't want to pin a culture, but it seems to be that the jihadists are Muslim.
You don't hear about a redneck doing jihad. He's not going out there, Bubba and them, grabbing his Coors Light and going jihad.
There's always some guy with a turban on his head and it's like, man, what is going on with these dudes?
Every one of these people that I saw tonight were people that were let in here.
This is very serious. Everything I saw tonight was very heavy.
I'm treading lightly on what I say on a live stream, but I'm just telling y'all we need to pray.
I probably don't really have a filter, do I? But it's like, tread lightly. Braden laughing at me.
He's like, 'But it is what it is, folks.'And I'm telling you all, we're in a time like we've never seen before.
So, we pray for President Trump. We give God praise that he's protecting us.
And we stay in that cleft of the rock that he has us in his hand. No weapon formed against us will prosper.
And we believe that every plan the devil has, we will uncover and expose it in Jesus'name.
We love y'all. Thank you for being with us tonight. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. We'll see you again. God bless you all. Bye-bye.